# Tether Power Drone

## Engineering Addendum

### Project Outline

The purpose of this program is run alongside X-Plane while analyzing the flight path in real time. Specifically, it is tailored toward calculating the power that is generated from the drone. 

The main points of the program are as follows:
- Flight with Mission Planner:

		1. Run X-Plane
		2. Execute RunXPlaneAddOn.bat file
		3. Follow prompts on the resulting Command Prompt windows
		4. Connect to the correct port and host in Mission Planner
		5. Arm drone in Mission Planner
		6. Select flight path in Mission Planner
- Manual Flight:

		1. Run X-Plane
		2. Execute RunXPlaneAddOn_ManualMode.bat file
		3. Follow prompts on the resulting Command Prompt windows
		4. Manually fly the drone in X-Plane with mouse or joystick
    
In either method of execution, the program will begin to dynamically graph the power that would be generated by the drone outlined by the set of equations below.

INSERT EQUATIONS HERE

Power is assumed to be generated from a Tesla Model 3 Electric Motor. 

The method of generation is that the drone will act as a controllable kite that will pull on a tether line to spin a wheel that it is attached to.

This wheel is attached to the shaft of the motor which will in turn spin the motor and generate power. 

### Potential Issues

Note that due to the buggy nature of the Ardupilot code base, the ArduPilotBuild.exe may not work properly.

This is the main reason of having 2 modes of operation. 

If the executable were to fail, please follow the Manual Flight instructions.

If automated flight is required and the executable has failed, the link HERE has instructions to set up the build environment on Windows.

Then the setup for the waf Build environment for Windows is HERE.

Finally the ardupilot code base can be edited using the IDE of choice.

### Current State of Project

Currently this program is set to only plot the power that is theoretically generated by the drone and optionally to plot the current wind vectors. 
